README.md, before:

# Git-Example
## Instructions
- Fork this repo
- Clone your forked repo to your local machine
```bash
$ git clone "your repo link here without quotes"
```
- Navigate to the new directory that was created from the clone
```bash
$ cd git-mini-lesson
```
- Open that directory with VSCode
```bash
$ code .
```
- Add your name to the "People who've made a PR" section in the README.md
- Add, commit, and push your changes
```bash
$ git add .
$ git commit -m "add my name to the list in README.md"
$ git push
```
## Extra
### Creating a New Branch and Pull Request
- Make a new branch:
```bash
$ git branch my-first-pull-request
$ git checkout my-first-pull-request
$ git push -u origin my-first-pull-request
```
- Navigate back to your GitHub repo and open a pull request

## People who've made a PR



## Additional Resources
- [How to Write Better Git Commit Messages – A Step-By-Step Guide](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-write-better-git-commit-messages/)
- [Git Cheat Sheet](https://training.github.com/downloads/github-git-cheat-sheet.pdf)

Commit message:

added a change to the People who've made a PR section of README

README.md, after:

# Git-Example
## Instructions
- Fork this repo
- Clone your forked repo to your local machine
```bash
$ git clone "your repo link here without quotes"
```
- Navigate to the new directory that was created from the clone
```bash
$ cd git-mini-lesson
```
- Open that directory with VSCode
```bash
$ code .
```
- Add your name to the "People who've made a PR" section in the README.md
- Add, commit, and push your changes
```bash
$ git add .
$ git commit -m "add my name to the list in README.md"
$ git push
```
## Extra
### Creating a New Branch and Pull Request
- Make a new branch:
```bash
$ git branch my-first-pull-request
$ git checkout my-first-pull-request
$ git push -u origin my-first-pull-request
```
- Navigate back to your GitHub repo and open a pull request

## People who've made a PR
- This change was made on the main branch Joe Milius


## Additional Resources
- [How to Write Better Git Commit Messages – A Step-By-Step Guide](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-write-better-git-commit-messages/)
- [Git Cheat Sheet](https://training.github.com/downloads/github-git-cheat-sheet.pdf)
